Explain consequences of ignoring unpatchable change warnings (#220)
shorebirdtech/docs: docs/troubleshooting.md

which operates differently than expected. See
[the next section](#unexpected-native-changes).

### What happens if I ignore this warning?

The consequences of ignoring this warning depend on the changes that were made.
In the tree-shaking example above, if you ignore the warning, your app will
render incorrectly if you use an icon that was not included in the release
build. Any assets introduced in a patch will fail to load and your app may crash
if it depends on them.

> If you are not sure, you can [stage your patch](guides/staging-patches) and

Reviewer: Maybe we should be more explicit here?

```suggestion
If you feel your patch might work even without the non dart change, you can [stage your patch](guides/staging-patches) and
```
